Fix #4152 (#4161)
apolloconfig/apollo: CHANGES.md

Apollo 1.9.2

------------------

> * [Fix #4152](https://github.com/apolloconfig/apollo/pull/4161)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fix the issue that property placeholder doesn't work for dubbo reference beans](https://github.com/apolloconfig/apollo/pull/4161)
```
